I accidentally hurt it.
Brother Zhao, since you are not feeling well
I'll take you home after dinner
I'll drive.
you
Save me some face in front of the child
Okay? So many of us are going to Zhao Di's house.
It scares people.
Just send Dabao and the others home for me in a while
Ok ok
Just taking us home
Why is Daddy so happy?
Because usually Mommy doesn't want to talk to him at all
It's already very face-saving for him to give it away today.
little devil
Don't think I didn't hear you say bad things.
Hmm bro
Why is your home so far from the kindergarten?
I used to live in the city
When dad said he had offended someone recently
Fired from the company
He brought me to the country
That's it.
This little bastard should have been out of school long ago
Why haven't you come back yet?
How did this bitch find this place?
Dad! Dad!
Auntie, my father doesn't seem to be at home.
I can't entertain you today
It's okay to land
Not this time, and next time
Can you tell Auntie?
Was the injury on your body caused by your father?
Ah dad don't hurt auntie dad